Update DeveloperGuide and UserGuide with borrow/return commands (#92)
AY2223S2-CS2103T-T12-3/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

This section describes some noteworthy details on how certain features are implemented.

### Borrow/return feature

#### Implementation

> The borrow and return feature will allow the user to track the list of books each person has borrowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The borrow feature will allow the user to mark a book as borrowed by a person.
Similarly, the return feature will allow the user to mark a book as returned to the ExpressLibrary by a person. 
```

It implements the following commands:

* `borrow [person index] b/[book index] d/[due date]`
* `return [person index] b/[book index]`

Given below is an example usage scenario of the borrow command:

The user executes `borrow 1 b/2 d/23/11/2023` command to lend the 2nd Book in the Book list to the 1st Person in the Person list.

The `BorrowCommand` class will first retrieve the Person object and Book object from the given indexes and create a copy of them (since they are immutable) called `editedPerson` and `bookToBorrow`.

> Then, it calls `borrowBook` on `editedPerson` and passes in the Book object `bookToBorrow`. This will add the Book to the Person's `Set` of books field. Similarly, the class also calls `loanBookTo` on `bookToBorrow` to update the Book's fields with the borrower and due date details.

Reviewer: Perhaps you could include how borrow date is updated here as well?

Given below is an example usage scenario of the return command:

The user executes `return 2 b/1` command to return the 1st book in the Book list from the 2nd person in the Person list.

The `ReturnCommand` class will first retrieve the Person object and Book object from the given indexes and create a copy of them (since they are immutable) called `editedPerson` and `bookToReturn`.

> Then, it calls `returnBook` on `editedPerson` and passes in the Book object `bookToReturn`. This will remove the Book from the Person's `Set` of books field. Similarly, the class also calls `returnBook` on `bookToReturn` to update and remove the Person from the Book's borrower field.

Reviewer: Maybe you could also mention that the dates are removed together with the borrower field?
